Good, good,
now try again.
Now, it's my turn!
Keep practicing!
It's good to see you, Zuzu.
I just wish it was under
better circumstances.
Huh? What are you doing here
in the Fusion Dimension,
Mr. Sakaki?
Well, it's a long tale
that you need to hear,
and one that I wish
I never had to tell.
And it all starts...
with Declan Akaba.
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Yusho)
Three years ago,
Declan ventured
across dimensions
to find his dad...
You're going to invade
other worlds?
Like a conqueror?
Why would you do that?
I'm planning to create
one supreme world.
(chiming)
Wait‐‐ Father‐‐ no!
Father,
I promise...
I'll stop you!
And when Declan sets
his mind on something,
he always
follows through.
Even if that meant hacking
into his dad's files.
I can't believe it.
It's true.
My father is really
trying to combine
the four dimensions
into one...
by invading and conquering
each dimension.
I have to stop him.
And I will...
By utilizing
the full resources
of Leo Corporation.
I will raise
an elite force,
and Yusho,
you will lead my Lancers
to defeat him
into submission!
It's our only hope of saving
the universe from my father!
(Yusho)
Poor Declan.
His heart was filled
with such anger,
abandonment,
betrayal.
But sometimes a child
doesn't know his dad
as well as
his friend does.
After spending
many long years
building the ARC
system together,
I thought I knew his dad
better than he did.
So, I believed
there was another option.
A better option
than attacking Leo.
The Leo I knew would
listen to reason.
So, if I could just
talk to him directly,
I could convince Leo
to stop the invasions.
I know I taught you
that lying is wrong, Zuzu,
but I said that
I would team up with him.
That allowed me
to gain access
to Leo Corporation's
transporter.
Without a moment
to waste,
I used it to teleport
across dimensions,
having to leave my dimension,
having to leave Yuya behind.
Then that was
the day...
Yes, the day I was supposed
to defend my title
against the Sledgehammer.
My dad's no chicken!
Let me duel the Sledgehammer
till my dad shows up!
Yuya!
Calm down, son!
(thinking)
Poor Yuya.
All those years, everyone
teasing him...
He never knew...
he still doesn't know...
why his dad disappeared.
But maybe I should've
studied up more
on teleporter technology,
because instead
of teleporting to Duel Academy,
I ended up in an entirely
different dimension,
the XYZ Dimension.
You know‐‐ for teleporting
to the wrong place,
it was actually
quite nice.
Until Duel Academy invaded.
(thunderous booms)
Mr. Sakaki,
it's time for your treatment.
Okay?
Already?
Alexis, do you know
why's he limping?
He was injured in a duel
with Duel Academy.
Why are they doing this?
Why is Duel Academy
invading all these places
and hurting people?
This is gonna sound crazy,
because it is crazy.
They're convinced
the only way to bring peace
to the universe
is by making war.
The Professor's
super‐special
ARC Area Project is
really out there.
I can't believe people
are okay with this!
The Professor said
we'd be uniting
the four dimensions
into one.
It sounded great,
like we'd be peacekeepers.
In reality, the Professor
wanted to conquer
the other dimensions
to rule over them.
And Duel Academy's
greatest duelist,
Aster Phoenix,
led the invasion force.
To tell you the truth,
when they didn't pick me
to go on the first mission,
I was bummed out.
But I was the lucky one.
So, how many of them
did you get?
It was 25, easy!
I rounded up 30...
I win!
The coolest part was
when they tried to run,
and we had
to hunt them down!
I hope we don't
have to wait long
for our next raid!
C'mon, cheer up.
What's the matter?
You should be out there
celebrating like everyone else
who went on the mission.
I can't celebrate.
Not after what I saw
and not after what we did.
(laughing)
What happened there?
Every single person
was turned into cards!
Hold on,
we don't do that.
You must have been
seeing things.
Maybe the stress
got to you.
I know what I saw!
Huh?
When our platoon arrived
in the XYZ Dimension,
we were ordered to turn
everybody into cards.
Even the civilians!
Civilians?
Yes!
They attacked
everyone, Alexis!
No one was spared,
not even children!
We weren't sent there
to bring peace.
Our mission was
to take everyone down!
(boys cackling)
What did they
make me do, Alexis?
What did they make me do?
I can't stay here anymore!
We have to escape together!
Leave Duel Academy?
We have to!
Or we'll be forced
to attack innocent people!
(Alexis)
That night, my friend and I
left Duel Academy.
I was still
in a state of shock.
It's not easy
when everything
you thought you believed in
turns out to be a lie.
In my heart,
I knew everything
my friend had told me
was true.
We had to get as far away
from the Professor
and Duel Academy
as possible!
And we thought we did.
(custodian)
Where do you think
you're going?
Hope you two runaways
had a nice joy ride
because your next trip isn't
going to be so pleasant.
I'll hold them off!
Alexis, run!
(Alexis)
He turned her into a card,
just like that.
I thought I was next.
But I couldn't have
been more wrong.
I was saved.
Yusho stopped them!
Yusho sure knows how to make
an entrance, doesn't he?
I guess you could
put it that way.
He passed out
right in front of me.
Hold on, you mean
he was already hurt?
Yeah, he hid it well,
but he was
in pretty bad shape.
It took everything I had
to bring him back here.
We did our best
to help him but...
Yusho's still not 100%.
You see all of them
over there?
They all used to attend
the Academy, too.
But like me,
they couldn't stand
what the Professor's doing.
It took guts
to leave that school.
That's why Mr. Sakaki and I
started the Yusho Duel School.
To not only
give 'em a safe haven,
but also to remind them
that dueling is always‐‐
and always will be‐‐
for fun.
To make people smile.
If we can get enough students
to see things our way,
we can stop Duel Academy
in its tracks!
That's awesome!
You can count me in
110%, Alexis!
Nothing's going
to stop us!
We got trouble!
What happened?
We were helping
this girl out
when all of a sudden
we got ambushed.
We were the only ones
who made it out!
(cackling)
Your friend will make
a nice bookmark.
Because I'm writing
the final chapter for you all!
Now then, are you all
ready to have some fun?
The Professor has
asked me to come here
to eradicate
the opposition.
As you can see,
I'm very good at my job!
(all gasping)
But since
my time is precious,
I'll take on
all five of you
simultaneously!
Now, now,
don't thank me all at once.
Let's duel!
I'll begin
by summoning
Predaplant
Squid Drosera!
(growling)
Next, I activate
the spell Predator Planter
to grow another
Predaplant!
Take root,
Moray Nepenthes!
I hope you five can summon
some delicious monsters
for my flowers
to munch on!
They're famished!
Oh really!?
I'm gonna wack
those weeds of yours
with the help
of Polymerization!
I fuse Drillroid, Steamroid,
and Submarineroid!
I Fusion Summon!
Super Vehicroid
Jumbo Drill!
Oh, my goodness!
Such a powerful
Fusion Monster!
I guess it's true
what they say.
You can take the student
out of the Academy,
but you can't take the Academy
out of the student!
Now listen, I'm sure
if you decide to come back
of your own free will,
the Professor will find it
in his heart to forgive you.
Not a chance, the Professor
uses dueling as a tool
to scare and destroy
when it should only be used
to entertain!
Once we got free
of Duel Academy,
we learned that our dueling
can be a positive force!
Uh, what is that
supposed to mean?
Someone like you will
never understand.
We want to make
everyone smile!
Make everyone smile?
(cackling)
You know
as well as I do,
there are only winners
and losers in duels,
and you have
nothing to smile about
when you're a loser...
(cackling)
(girl)
That's not true!
You're wrong, it's not
about winning or losing,
it's about
how to play the game
and entertain!
Just watch and see!
It's my turn!
And I'm also activating
Polymerization
and using it to fuse
Big Koala and Des Kangaroo!
I Fusion Summon!
The thunder from down under,
Master of Oz!
This king of the ring's
got a one‐two punch
that'll knock you
all the way back
to Duel Academy
empty‐handed!
Empty‐handed?
How so?
I'm going home
with five cards...
with your faces on them!
(boy)
You talk a big game,
but me and my pals are
gonna mow down you
and your pathetic posies.
It's time to do
some landscapin'!
And I think
I'll cut to the chase
by playing Polymerization!
I'll give you
the royal treatment
by fusing my three
Ojama brothers!
I Fusion Summon!
Make way for the king
of the kini,
Ojama King!
(cackling)
Your King needs a little sun
and a lotta towel!
You might be laughing now,
but once Ojama King uses
his special ability
to have his flunkies occupy
three spots on your field,
your laughs
might turn to cries.
(growling laughter)
Well, these three lookers might
make those tears a reality.
My turn?
Yeah!
I draw!
V‐Tiger Jet,
it's time to pounce and play!
(roaring)
And then I'll activate
the spell Frontline Base
so I can summon
W‐Wing Catapult!
So, you're not planning
on using Polymerization
like those other dweebs?
Looks like you don't
know everything, smart guy!
By banishing V‐Tiger Jet
and W‐Wing Catapult,
I can fuse them together
without using Polymerization.
Hmm, an unexpected
turn of events.
I do appreciate you
keeping things
fresh and lively.
Then it's a good thing
that me and my pals...
are chock full
of surprises.
For now,
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
I'm up next!
And I'm summoning
X‐Head Cannon!
Then I'll activate
Frontline Base
like my little bro did...
so I can summon
Y‐Dragon Head!
(roaring)
I activate Foolish Burial
to send Z‐Metal Tank
to the graveyard!
And I'll top
those moves off
by activating the spell
Iron Call!
It lets me roll out
Z‐Metal Tank from my graveyard
onto my field!
With X, Y, and Z
out and about,
my next move is
as simple as A‐B‐C!
I combine them to form
XYZ‐Dragon Cannon!
Oh, what a medley
of metal!
It seems you've saved
the best for last.
Taking you down is
gonna be a team effort!
So I'll open the way
using XYZ‐Dragon Cannon's
special ability!
By discarding one card
from my hand,
my Cannon prunes
your Moray Nepenthes!
Going aggressive
on your first turn!
If I didn't
know any better,
I'd say you've got
a little Duel Academy
left in you after all!
No way!
We're not like you!
The You Show Duel School
taught us that dueling
is all about dreams,
not screams!
I'm activating
the trap card Fellow's Gift!
That way I can give control
of VW‐Tiger Catapult
to my brother!
Way to go, bro!
I banish VW‐Tiger Catapult
and XYZ‐Dragon Cannon
so I can Fusion Summon
V‐to‐Z‐Dragon
Catapult Cannon!
Ugh, impressive!
If I liked building
model robots.
Well, this robot isn't
about to toy around!
Catapult Cannon,
blast that Squid Drosera
back to the greenhouse!
So much for
your flower power.
Me and my bro whittled away
all your pesky petunias!
But they'll be
sprouting back in no time
thanks to Squid Drosera!
When it leaves the field,
its special ability unleashes
Predator Counters, which latch
onto each of your monsters!
Yeah?
So what?
Oh, you'll see.
So, hurry up
and end your turn.
Because I have so many surprises
to share with you!
Then go‐‐
we're not scared of you!
But you will be.
That's a promise!
As my first step,
by giving up 800 life points,
I can activate my spell card
Predator Planter.
Now I can bring back
my Moray Nepenthes
from the graveyard!
And joining it will be
my Predaplant Fly Trap!
So, you think you all know
Fusion Monsters?
You don't know a thing!
Now watch and learn
from a true master!
Pay attention!
With the power
of Polymerization,
I fuse Nepenthes
and Fly Trap
in order to bring out the most
toxic monster ever seen!
You'll never look
at greenery
the same way again!
I Fusion Summon!
The vicious, voracious,
and venomous...
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!
(roaring)
Scary, huh?
Well, trust when I say
it's going to get
a lot worse!
(roaring)
Scary, huh?
Well, trust when I say
it's going to get
a lot worse!
You see, it preys
on all your monsters,
feasting on their
attack points
to increase its own!
What's that?
If it gains
that much power‐‐
There's no way of
stopping that thing!
13,000 attack points?
That's the strongest dragon
I've ever seen!
Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon can use
one of your monster's
special abilities.
And I'm choosing
your thrilling drilling
Jumbo Drill!
Uh, no way, I never
heard of such a thing!
Starving Venom Fusion Dragon
can now deal you damage
even if your monster is
in defense mode!
I'll start with
the most vulnerable‐‐
you, the one
with no monsters!
Starving Venom Dragon,
strike down
that traitorous slime!
Aah!
Next, by sending
Squid Drosera
from my hand
to the graveyard...
my Dragon must attack
every monster that has
a Predator Counter.
But believe me,
it needs no coaxing!
It's feeding time.
(roaring)
Aah!
Next, KO that featherweight.
Dethrone the pale one.
Awooo‐ah‐ah‐ah‐ah!
Aah!
And last but not least,
lay waste
to that Catapult Cannon.
Aah!
And to the victor...
go the spoils.
Fantastic,
I collected the whole set.
(chuckling)
Hmm‐‐ Zuzu?
This is my lucky day.
You know him?
I do!
That guy's been chasing me
from dimension to dimension.
What's your problem, creep?
This "creep" does
have a name, you know.
It's Yuri,
and I would suggest
you call me that rather
than using insults, Zuzu.
(cackling)
Good to see you,
but you know who will be
more thrilled
to say hi?
The Professor.
One way or another,
you're coming with me!
Not on my watch!
Where did he go?
No! He vanished again!
Huh?
Yugo!
What are you
doing here?
No way!
Zuzu!
It can't be!
But it is!
Zuzu!
You're alive!
Oh, bring it in!
Sorry, I got
carried away there.
I just haven't seen you
for the longest time.
Well, it sure
wasn't long enough!
Interesting friends
you have there.
Zuzu, check this out.
You might not know this,
but this is
the Fusion Dimension.
Meaning Rin Rin is here.
And not just her.
Celina, too,
and I bet even Lulu.
You're sure?
Yeah, we have to rescue them
before something bad happens.
I've received
a report from Noro
that the Lancers are
in the XYZ Dimension
causing a nuisance.
Just enough
to set my Arc Area Project
behind schedule.
I want you
to take care of them.
Is that understood?
Like, no probs,
Professor.
We'll mop up the mess.
Y'know, y'shoulda sent us
instead of that Aster Phoenix
in the first place.
But, like, oh, well.
We all learn
from our mistakes.
Yes, don't you fret.
Heartland City will
soon be sterilized
of that riffraff‐‐
right, sister?
Totes!